Discuss one challenge you overcame during your academic development. What was the challenge, was it technical, nontechnical, or both, and how did you overcome it?

  The biggest challenge that I overcame during my academic development came with making the decision to go back to school to earn my degree. I started my academic development right after I graduated from high school, and only attended for about a year. I was unsure of the path that I wanted to take with my education and did not want to invest all my resources into something that I was not completely passionate about. From that time until now, I focused on my career in the hospitality industry and have loved every second of it. 
  The change of heart about my career path and my ultimate decision to go back to school to finish my education came with the COVID-19 pandemic. During the height of the pandemic, I was furloughed and was uncertain of how long it would be before the industry would recover and I would be back to work. That period of being furloughed lead to me do a lot of soul searching about what I really wanted to do with my life. It ultimately led me to deciding to return to finish my education.
  The challenge itself is not very technical, but it can be intimidating returning to college as an adult. I had been out of school for a period and retaining the habits that I had built growing up were challenging to recover. Not only that, but I am at a very different point in my life now than I was when I first attending college. I have more responsibilities and have had to juggle my current career and getting my education at the same time. 
  The countless days of working all day and having to come home and study all night was really a difficult challenge, but I have been able to overcome the challenge. I have had to put myself on a tight schedule to ensure that I could succeed in both my current career and education. I have had to focus on prioritizing my education, so that I could gain the most from it that I could. 
